In our last demo, we had columns that we hadn't specified a name for yet,
but they were still mapped.
It was pretty subtle, but when we created our users table,
all of the other fields inside that object were
automatically mapped to our database.
JPA will look for the name and type of the column that the object is and
make assumptions about what to map it as. We don't have to accept those
defaults that are created for us though. We can use the @Column
annotation, and it will allow us to override names and column mappings
and specific attributes like that.
Some of these only apply to the data type that we're using,
such as decimal or numeric type in the database.
And they actually won't do anything if you tie them to
something like a string, for instance. Precision, scale, length
all pertain to certain types of objects.
Some of these are also just a way of applying foreign key constraints.
For example,
unique is just guaranteeing a unique value in that column through a constraint,
and another example is updatable, whether or not we can or can't change that value in the column.